{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u55357 \u56592 1. Intro to Information Security by Udacity: https://lnkd.in/ggdYxnUp\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 2. Network Security by Udacity: https://lnkd.in/gSHx2tJQ\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 3. Introduction to Cybersecurity: https://lnkd.in/ghQY8cKA\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 4. Cybersecurity Essentials: https://lnkd.in/gZe6bf-t\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 5. Networking Essentials: https://lnkd.in/gjipDpgG\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 6. NSE 1,2 & 3: https://lnkd.in/gsQJhn2a\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 7. Information Security by OpenLearn: https://lnkd.in/gvfghKNs\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 8. Network Security by OpenLearn: https://lnkd.in/gS2KWNfN\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 9. Risk Management by Open Learn: https://lnkd.in/gGPTDU2g\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 10. Certified in Cybersecurity\u8480  - CC: https://lnkd.in/gW3w8Jqu\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 11. CCNA Security Courses: https://lnkd.in/gfby3CR2\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 12. Network Defense Essentials (NDE): https://lnkd.in/g6mRKt2t\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 13. Ethical Hacking Essentials (EHE): https://lnkd.in/gRBGCud7\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 14. Digital Forensics Essentials (DFE): https://lnkd.in/gPrkYcDH\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 15. Dark Web, Anonymity, and Cryptocurrency: https://lnkd.in/gUrCCGdf\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 16. Digital Forensics by Open Learn: https://lnkd.in/gdv8emgt\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 17. AWS Cloud Certifications (Cybersecurity): https://lnkd.in/gaDGWdkm\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 18. Microsoft Learn for Azure: https://lnkd.in/gDpkXiik\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 19. Google Cloud Training: https://lnkd.in/get8rnkh\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 20. Android Bug Bounty Hunting: Hunt Like a Rat: https://lnkd.in/gMNT8saN\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 21. Vulnerability Management: https://lnkd.in/gvNKJnni\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 22. Software Security: https://lnkd.in/gG4P5bkn\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 23. Developing Secure Software: https://lnkd.in/gQRwTzKU\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 24. PortSwigger Web Hacking: https://lnkd.in/eEa-fNfu\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 25. RedTeaming: https://lnkd.in/et_T2DEa\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 26. Splunk: https://lnkd.in/et5bkjeY\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 27. Secure Software Development: https://lnkd.in/ebGpA4wG\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 28. Maryland Software Security: https://lnkd.in/e3z4zFmJ\
\uc0\u55357 \u56592 29. Stanford Cyber Resiliency: https://lnkd.in/eg9BM5Bv}